Don't sleep anymore.
It's a big deal.
You're so old, why are you so angry?
Now the government has just made an announcement to turn that piece of Nam Son land into a new economic zone.
What is it that I heard that we sold that land to the Qin idiot, and now the price has soared five times?
Your father knows about this.
He's very angry.
Let me tell you something.
Buy that land as soon as possible.
Didn't my father's order tell me to bow down with him as an idiot?
Ah Ma
I've drunk all the milk.
Boys should wash their feet.
Wash your feet yourself.
I don't want to
I want my mother to wash me.
Dreaming, Mom.
If you wash my feet
Two days later she didn't have to take care of me.
Really oh hum
I want to take over your Qin estate.
Here's the lesson.
This time you're a lucky fool.
It's just that you think you're as stupid as you can be president of a corporation.
You can wait to be negotiated by other shareholders.